README.md, before:

# NAME

Task::CPANSec - Recommended modules from the CPAN Security Group

# VERSION

version v0.0.1

# STATUS

This is a draft.

# DESCRIPTION

[Task::CPANSec](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3ACPANSec) is a list of recommended modules from the CPAN Security Group (CPANSec), in the spirit of
[Task::Kensho](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3AKensho).

This list is not exhaustive, but it contains modules that we believe are good solutions for their tasks, and are being
actively maintained.

# CATEGORIES

## [Task::CPANSec::Random](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3ACPANSec%3A%3ARandom): for generating random data

# SOURCE

The development version is on github at [https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec](https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec)
and may be cloned from [git://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec.git](git://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec.git)

# BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
[https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec/issues](https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec/issues)

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

# AUTHOR

Robert Rothenberg <rrwo@cpan.org>

# CONTRIBUTORS

- Stig Palmquist <stigtsp@cpan.org>
- Timothy Legge <timlegge@gmail.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2024-2025 by Robert Rothenberg.

This is free software, licensed under:

```
The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)
```

Commit message:

Add security policy
Note that this is worded slightly differently than the normal one.

README.md, after:

# NAME

Task::CPANSec - Recommended modules from the CPAN Security Group

# VERSION

version v0.0.1

# STATUS

This is a draft.

# DESCRIPTION

[Task::CPANSec](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3ACPANSec) is a list of recommended modules from the CPAN Security Group (CPANSec), in the spirit of
[Task::Kensho](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3AKensho).

This list is not exhaustive, but it contains modules that we believe are good solutions for their tasks, and are being
actively maintained.

# CATEGORIES

## [Task::CPANSec::Random](https://metacpan.org/pod/Task%3A%3ACPANSec%3A%3ARandom): for generating random data

# SOURCE

The development version is on github at [https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec](https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec)
and may be cloned from [git://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec.git](git://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec.git)

# BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
[https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec/issues](https://github.com/CPAN-Security/Task-CPANSec/issues)

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

## Reporting Security Vulnerabilities

Security issues should not be reported on the bugtracker website. Please see `SECURITY.md` for instructions how to
report security vulnerabilities

# AUTHOR

Robert Rothenberg <rrwo@cpan.org>

# CONTRIBUTORS

- Stig Palmquist <stigtsp@cpan.org>
- Timothy Legge <timlegge@gmail.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2024-2025 by Robert Rothenberg.

This is free software, licensed under:

```
The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)
```
